Add image example to CSS filter function Invert (#4013)
Codecademy/docs: content/css/concepts/filter-functions/terms/invert/invert.md

## Example 1

Invert an image `75%`:

```css
.banner-image {
  filter: invert(75%);
}
```

> The following images demonstrate the invert filter on a background image. The image on the left has no filter, while the image on the right has `filter: invert(75%)` applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following output demonstrates the invert filter on a background image. The image on the left has no filter, while the image on the right has a filter `invert(75%)` applied.
```

> ![CSS invert filter example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-filter-invert-example.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Compares the original image to the same image with an invert filter applied](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/css-filter-invert-example.png)
```
